ba-dop opp opposite, ba-dop opp opposite, ba-dop opp opposite day

way opposite the in done everything's (huh?)

everything's done in the opposite way (oh)


on opposite day when i wake up, the sun's going down instead

i get myself dressed, put my shirt on my legs

put my pants on my arms and my shoes on my head

on opposite day i go upstairs to eat but i do so very carefully

'cause while i normally like to eat pancakes for breakfast

on opposite day the pancakes try to eat me

(yikes, pancakes, one of 'em's got a fork!)


ba-dop opp opposite, ba-dop opp opposite, ba-dop opp opposite day

way opposite the in done everything's

everything's done in the opposite way


on opposite day the kids are in charge and the teachers have to do what we say

we work on assignments for about half an hour

then it's recess (woo hoo) for the rest of the day

on opposite day we unsharpen our pencils and somehow find all of our pens

and it's hard to know when anything's over 'cause everything starts at the end


there's a special game of follow directions that we play on opposite day

i call out instructions but you disobey them, do the opposite thing that i say

can you stand up?  sit down?  can you open your eyes?  can you close 'em now?

can you say no?  can you say yes?  can you say hello?  can you say goodbye?

can you touch the ground, can you reach up to the sky?

can you laugh out loud, can you cry?


who can do the opposite of this?

can you stand still, don't move your feet

don't walk around like you can dance to the beat

don't clap your hands and whatever you do, do not have a good time

don't smile, just stand there and be bored

check your watch and wonder when this thing is gonna be over

and think what's this guy doing on my radio anyway?

ok now start


on opposite day we don't get our dinner until we finish dessert

my dad checks to see that i played with my toys before i can do my homework

on opposite day i remind my parents when it's getting to be bedtime

i go up and stretch out in their big old bed and they gotta to squeeze into mine

on opposite day i fold up my pajamas and go to sleep in my clothes

i get a little bit smaller, a little bit younger

but on opposite day that's just the way that you grow


ba-dop opp opposite, ba-dop opp opposite, ba-dop opp opposite day

way opposite the in done everything's

everything's done in the opposite way

everything's done in the opposite way

i said everything's done in the opposite way